Adding 3d Slicer with Extensions Example (#10)
RhinoHealth/user-resources: examples/generalized-compute/interactive-3d-slicer-with-extensions/README.md

# Interactive Container Example - Interactive 3D Slicer with Extensions
<br/>

### **Description**

> This example provides files that can be used with the Rhino Health Generalized Compute capability to remotely run an interactive 3D Slicer session to view and/or annotate DICOM data on a Rhino Client. It also includes several extensions that allow a user to save their output as DICOM images instead of NIfTI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example provides files that can be used with the Rhino Health Generalized Compute capability to remotely run an interactive 3D Slicer session to view and/or annotate DICOM data on a Rhino Client. It also includes several extensions that allow a user to save their output as DICOM images instead of NIfTI.
```

> It shows how to:
> * Structure a Dockerfile to run an interactive 3D Slicer application
> * Add links to the interactive desktop to load 3D Slicer
> * Add a script to create a manifest CSV file from the 3D Slicer output files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It shows how to:
* Structure a Dockerfile to run an interactive 3D Slicer application
* Download and install 3DSlicer extensions (in the Dockerfile)
* Add a link to the desktop to run 3D Slicer
* Add a script to create a manifest CSV file from the 3D Slicer output files
```
